Add a template for enhancement proposals (#109)
submariner-io/enhancements: template.md

> ## Title of the enehancement proposal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Title of the enhancement proposal
```

<!-- Add link to issue/epic if available -->

## Summary

<!-- Add brief summary of enhancement proposal. -->

## Proposal

<!-- Detailed information about the enhancement proposal. Add any subsections if needed. -->

## Design Details

<!-- Detailed design of the proposal. This should include any yamls, CRDs, data structures, APIs etc. Add/remove any subsections
if needed -->

### Pros

> <!-- Optional -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Benefits of going with this proposal -->
```

### Cons

> <!-- Optional -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Drawbacks of going with this proposal. -->
```

> 

Reviewer: Should "pros & cons" be under design details? I feel like they're more fitting under the proposal section

Author: > Should "pros & cons" be under design details? I feel like they're more fitting under the proposal section

My take was it is more a Pro/Con of the particular Design. Helpful when comparing it with `Alternate Designs` and why this design was selected over others.

### Backward Compatibility

> <!-- Optional. Any backward compatibility concerns -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Any backward compatibility concerns -->
```

> ### Alternate Design
> 
> <!-- Optional. Any alternate designs considered, if applicable. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alternatives

<!-- Any alternatives to consider, with pros and cons, if applicable. -->
```

> ## Owners

Reviewer 2: This should be after `work items`

<!-- Optional. List of owners for this enhancement proposal and its implementation -->
* Owner 1 Name <owner1@email.com>
* Owner 2 Name <owner2@email.com>

> ## Work Items

Reviewer: Do we need work items here, given that we're tracking them on the epic issues?

Reviewer 2: IMO yes, we can just copy the `work items` from here to the epic issue

Author: That is why I mentioned it to be Optional. This will be useful if we have some proposals which don't have a corresponding Epic.

Reviewer 3: I think that work items are not in the scope of the proposal, even if no epic is open yet.

Reviewer: > That is why I mentioned it to be Optional. This will be useful if we have some proposals which don't have a corresponding Epic.

Do we intend to support EPs with no epic?

To me it seems each EP is a design proposal for implementing an epic, and wouldn't expect an EP without one.

<!-- Optional. Breakup of different tasks that need to be done to implement this proposal. Can be skipped if an Epic already

> covers tasks tobe done. -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
covers tasks tobe done. -->

## User impact
Add a section about impact the epic can have on users.
```

> covers tasks tobe done. -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
covers tasks to be done. -->
```

# Title of the enhancement proposal

<!-- Add link to issue/epic if available -->

## Summary

<!-- Add brief summary of enhancement proposal. -->

## Proposal

<!-- Detailed information about the enhancement proposal. Add any subsections if needed. -->

## Design Details

<!-- Detailed design of the proposal. This should include any yamls, CRDs, data structures, APIs etc. Add/remove any subsections
if needed -->

### Pros
<!-- Benefits of going with this proposal  -->

### Cons
<!-- Drawbacks of going with this proposal. -->

### Backward Compatibility

<!-- Any backward compatibility concerns -->

### Alternatives

<!-- Any alternatives to consider with pros and cons, if applicable. -->

## External Dependencies

<!-- Any external dependencies this proposal may have -->

## User Impact

<!-- Optional. Any impact on users this change may have. -->

## Owners

<!-- Optional. List of owners for this enhancement proposal and its implementation -->
* Owner 1 Name <owner1@email.com>

> * Owner 2 Name <owner2@email.com>

Reviewer: IDK if this makes any sense to put here.

Author: > IDK if this makes any sense to put here.

Added it based on similar field used in such templates for previous projects. Wasn't sure if makes sense for us, added so could decide in review.

> # Title of the enehancement proposal

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
# Title of the enhancement proposal
```
